Fix errors/nits in api-concepts (#23669)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts.md

1. List all of the pods in a given namespace.

   ```console
   GET /api/v1/namespaces/test/pods
   ---
   200 OK

>    Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

   {
     "kind": "PodList",
     "apiVersion": "v1",
     "metadata": {"resourceVersion":"10245"},
     "items": [...]
   }
   ```

2. Starting from resource version 10245, receive notifications of any creates, deletes, or updates as individual JSON objects.

   ```
   GET /api/v1/namespaces/test/pods?watch=1&resourceVersion=10245
   ---
   200 OK
   Transfer-Encoding: chunked
   Content-Type: application/json

>    {

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

   }
   ...
   ```

A given Kubernetes server will only preserve a historical list of changes for a limited time. Clusters using etcd3 preserve changes in the last 5 minutes by default.  When the requested watch operations fail because the historical version of that resource is not available, clients must handle the case by recognizing the status code `410 Gone`, clearing their local cache, performing a list operation, and starting the watch from the `resourceVersion` returned by that new list operation. Most client libraries offer some form of standard tool for this logic. (In Go this is called a `Reflector` and is located in the `k8s.io/client-go/cache` package.)

### Watch bookmarks

To mitigate the impact of short history window, we introduced a concept of `bookmark` watch event. It is a special kind of event to mark that all changes up to a given `resourceVersion` the client is requesting have already been sent. Object returned in that event is of the type requested by the request, but only `resourceVersion` field is set, e.g.:

```console
GET /api/v1/namespaces/test/pods?watch=1&resourceVersion=10245&allowWatchBookmarks=true
---
200 OK
Transfer-Encoding: chunked

> Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

1. List all of the pods on a cluster, retrieving up to 500 pods each time.

   ```console
   GET /api/v1/pods?limit=500
   ---
   200 OK

>    Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

   {
     "kind": "PodList",
     "apiVersion": "v1",
     "metadata": {
       "resourceVersion":"10245",
       "continue": "ENCODED_CONTINUE_TOKEN",
       ...
     },
     "items": [...] // returns pods 1-500
   }
   ```

2. Continue the previous call, retrieving the next set of 500 pods.

   ```console
   GET /api/v1/pods?limit=500&continue=ENCODED_CONTINUE_TOKEN
   ---
   200 OK

>    Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

   {
     "kind": "PodList",
     "apiVersion": "v1",
     "metadata": {
       "resourceVersion":"10245",
       "continue": "ENCODED_CONTINUE_TOKEN_2",
       ...
     },
     "items": [...] // returns pods 501-1000
   }
   ```

3. Continue the previous call, retrieving the last 253 pods.

   ```console
   GET /api/v1/pods?limit=500&continue=ENCODED_CONTINUE_TOKEN_2
   ---
   200 OK

>    Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

In order to avoid potential limitations as described above, clients may request the Table representation of objects, delegating specific details of printing to the server. The Kubernetes API implements standard HTTP content type negotiation: passing an `Accept` header containing a value of `application/json;as=Table;g=meta.k8s.io;v=v1beta1` with a `GET` call will request that the server return objects in the Table content type.

For example, list all of the pods on a cluster in the Table format.

```console
GET /api/v1/pods
Accept: application/json;as=Table;g=meta.k8s.io;v=v1beta1
---
200 OK

> Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

{
    "kind": "Table",
    "apiVersion": "meta.k8s.io/v1beta1",
    ...
    "columnDefinitions": [
        ...
    ]
}
```

For API resource types that do not have a custom Table definition on the server, a default Table response is returned by the server, consisting of the resource's `name` and `creationTimestamp` fields.

```console
GET /apis/crd.example.com/v1alpha1/namespaces/default/resources
---
200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
...
{
    "kind": "Table",
    "apiVersion": "meta.k8s.io/v1beta1",
    ...
    "columnDefinitions": [
        {
            "name": "Name",
            "type": "string",
            ...
        },
        {
            "name": "Created At",
            "type": "date",
            ...
        }
    ]

> }

Author: To reviewers: the above lines are simply about removing unnecessary indentation. Obviously, 'git' gets confused about the change.

1. List all of the pods on a cluster in Protobuf format.

   ```console
   GET /api/v1/pods
   Accept: application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf
   ---
   200 OK
   Content-Type: application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf
   ... binary encoded PodList object
   ```

2. Create a pod by sending Protobuf encoded data to the server, but request a response in JSON.

   ```console
   POST /api/v1/namespaces/test/pods
   Content-Type: application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf
   Accept: application/json
   ... binary encoded Pod object
   ---
   200 OK

>    Content-Type: application/json

Reviewer: mini nit: HTTP/1.1 usually has a blank line between headers and body; I'd include that here (it looks odd to me without it)

manager consists of basic information about the managing entity itself, like

> operation type, api version, and the fields managed by it.

Reviewer: optional extra tidying:
```suggestion
operation type, API version, and the fields managed by it.
```

{{< note >}}

> This field is managed by the apiserver and should not be changed by

Reviewer: Could further change to:
```suggestion
This field is managed by the API server and should not be changed by
```

And the user has created the deployment using server side apply like so:

```shell

> kubectl apply -f https://k8s.io/examples/application/ssa/nginx-deployment.yaml --server-side

Reviewer: Thanks!

> | resourceVersionMatch param            | paging params                 | resourceVersion unset | resourceVersion="0"                       | resourceVersion="{value other than 0}" |

Reviewer: If you want to, you can add a [table caption](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#table-captions)

Reviewer 2: Hi @tengqm . The changes look good. One question:
Have a look line 933,
https://deploy-preview-23669--kubernetes-io-master-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#unavailable-resource-versions
A footnote (?) appears at the bottom of the rendered page before the "feedback" section.
`If the server does not honor the resourceVersionMatch parameter, it is treated as if it is unset`

Author: Yes. I don't like the way it is rendered. Maybe we should avoid using the footnote syntax? Any suggestions?

Author: Pls check the latest commit, I'm simulating the footnote so that it renders immediately after the table.

| resourceVersionMatch unset            | limit=\<n\>, continue=\<token\> | Continue Token, Exact | Invalid, treated as Continue Token, Exact | Invalid, HTTP `400 Bad Request`        |
| resourceVersionMatch=Exact[^1]        | limit unset                   | Invalid               | Invalid                                   | Exact                                  |
| resourceVersionMatch=Exact[^1]        | limit=\<n\>, continue unset     | Invalid               | Invalid                                   | Exact                                  |
| resourceVersionMatch=NotOlderThan[^1] | limit unset                   | Invalid               | Any                                       | Not older than                         |
| resourceVersionMatch=NotOlderThan[^1] | limit=\<n\>, continue unset     | Invalid               | Any                                       | Not older than                         |

[^1]: If the server does not honor the `resourceVersionMatch` parameter, it is treated as if it is unset.

> 

Author: To reviewers, line 892-897 was meant to be a nested table in the table footnote. However the table doesn't render.
This table is actually a copy of the first 3 rows from the table above. Since the footnote text "it is treated as if it is unset" is pretty clear, we don't need the nested table at all.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

Reviewer 3: :+1: 

As a general rule from a writing perspective: nested tables are a bad idea.

As a general rule from a markdown spec perspective: nothing but strings – no linebreaks, bulleted lists, or any other kind of formatting with line breaks – will render.

Reviewer 2: Hi @tengqm .
I just looked at the generated tables. I don't see this string in the rendered output:
`If the server does not honor the `resourceVersionMatch` parameter, it is treated as if it is unset.`.
Perhaps, I am missed it.

Author: .... the one who missed it is me ...
seems I'm messing up a few branches and commits when switch back and forth .
pushing a new commit anyway.

of your cluster than leaving `resourceVersion` and `resourceVersionMatch` unset, which requires
quorum read to be served.

> {{< table caption="resourceVersionMatch and paging parameters for list" >}}

Reviewer: Remember to close the table shortcode: `{{< /table >}}`

Author: done.

| resourceVersionMatch unset            | limit=\<n\>, continue unset     | Most Recent           | Any                                       | Exact                                  |
| resourceVersionMatch unset            | limit=\<n\>, continue=\<token\> | Continue Token, Exact | Invalid, treated as Continue Token, Exact | Invalid, HTTP `400 Bad Request`        |
| resourceVersionMatch=Exact<sup>\*</sup>        | limit unset                   | Invalid               | Invalid                                   | Exact                                  |
| resourceVersionMatch=Exact<sup>\*</sup>        | limit=\<n\>, continue unset     | Invalid               | Invalid                                   | Exact                                  |
| resourceVersionMatch=NotOlderThan<sup>\*</sup> | limit unset                   | Invalid               | Any                                       | Not older than                         |
| resourceVersionMatch=NotOlderThan<sup>\*</sup> | limit=\<n\>, continue unset     | Invalid               | Any                                       | Not older than                         |
{{< /table >}}

> <br/>

Reviewer 2: Hi @tengqm .
I think the table renders but I suggest using Markdown.
I gave a LGTM because the other formatting changes look good.
The site's styling of tables could use updating (table margins or padding so that the text following a table
is spaced appropriately).
I realize it takes time to create the table formatting.
Is it possible to remove the `sup`, `small`, and `br` HTML elements from the table and use plaintext or Markdown?

Author: I could have avoided the HTML hack if only I know some equivalent Markdown syntax for footnotes after a table. Customizing the CSS for tables across the site is beyond this PR.
Let me try abandon the superscript styling then.

**Watch:**

> {{< table caption="resourceVersion for watch" >}}

Reviewer: This should have a `{{< /table >}}` at the end of the Markdown table.

Author: done.
